Dai [thought]:
I won't give in.
I'm me... I'm Dai, the Hero!
Even now, you would
resist your father?
You ungrateful brat.
Dai: You're not...
You are not...
You are not my dad!
[roaring]
Baran [thought]: What?
He struck me while I was
shielded by my Draconic Aura?!
Is that...
Hyunckel: Dai's
crest is on his fist?
Baran [thought]: How...
Impossible. This can't be!
Throughout thousands of years
of Dragon Knight history,
for the light of
the crest to appear
anywhere other than
the forehead...
It's never happened before.
Could it be...
The human spirit?
Is this Soala's will?!
Leona: Dai...
What... What's happening?
Why did the Dragon Crest
appear on the boy's fist?!
It looks like...
he's figured out how to channel
the energy of the crest.
He what?!
To break Baran's
mind control spell...
And gain the strength
necessary to damage him...
He realized that
the power of the crest
needed to be
redirected to his fist.
While Dai's aura may
be weaker overall,
when it's focused
to a single point,
each attack
will be stronger!
How is this
miracle possible?
Hyunckel: I doubt a normal
Dragon Knight can do it.
It seems even Baran
is taken aback.
Dai: Prepare yourself, Baran!
You've taken so much from me.
My... My dearest friends.
Even if you are my dad,
I'll never forgive you!
You're gonna pay!
Watch your tongue, boy!
[roaring]
Amazing!
I don't know for sure, but...
I think it was the
human half of Dai's bloodline
that brought us this miracle.
His feelings for his friend
ignited a fire in his heart,
driving the Dragon and Darklings
power into his fist...
Allowing Dai to...
control them both!
Crocodine: You mean
right now, Dai is...
Hyunckel: He should
have complete control
over the power of
the Dragon Crest.
Baran [thought]: Soala...
Even you...
Are you really saying that
I was wrong all this time?
Curse you!
Draconic Aura!
But how?
You're right!
All of his attacks...
are stronger than
they've ever been!
It's incredible!
But still...
Baran: This is ridiculous!
A child can't best his father.
It's time to back down,
or I'm going to put
a hole through you.
If I fire my Crest
Beam at full power,
it can carve
through mountains.
Dai: So what if it can?
Baran: Don't test me, Dino.
Dai: My name...
My name is Dai.
Take this!
Your Grace - what was that?!
It's the Dragon Knights.
Don't hold back.
Excuse me?
The others are fair game...
But I'm not?!
Foolish child...
[powerful yell]
Hyunckel [thought]: Slow down.
Don't anger Baran any further.
His full power has
yet to be revealed!
Leona: Amazing, Dai...
We might even have a chance.
Leona: Merle!
Princess Leona!
I'll cast a Heal.
Forget about me.
See to the others first.
Merle: Okay. But... Um...
Leona: Leave Popp to me.
Huh?
Leona: I've never
actually used it before,
but there's a certain
spell I want to try.
It begins. The greatest
battle in the world...
Beyond anything
we can fathom!
[powerful yells]
They're gone!
Look - there!
He did it!
No - look out!
It's over.
Now die!
Your Grace!
King of Teran: Incredible.
The legends do no justice
to their ferocity...
Are we gonna be okay?
King of Teran: We need
to make a decision.
We need to decide which of
the Dragon Knights is right.
Leona: Dai!
It's exactly as I feared.
At this rate, Dai
doesn't stand a chance.
What do you mean?
Up until now Baran has been
holding back his full strength-
to protect Dai.
Hyunckel: Even with us,
he probably held back
because we used to be allies.
But now he's a Dragonoid,
a vicious Demon Beast.
If he's provoked enough,
he'll kill anyone,
no matter who they are!
You mean...
That's right. Even if
it means his own child.
Burn away...
Baran: Along with
this kingdom!
Oh no...
So, that's Doruora?
His hands - look at them!
They look like a dragon!
So much energy...
I get it!
Doruora compresses massive
amounts of the Draconic Aura,
and fires it as a spell!
Perish!
Watch out. Dai, move it!
Nice try.
Doruora!
[worried yell]
So much power...
Destruction...
This isn't even
a spell anymore!
Where's Dai?!
Did he get Baran?
Baran: I see. You dodged
with a Zoom spell.
You have good instincts.
He managed to get away from
the Doruora's blast field
just in the nick of time.
I will not miss again!
Levizoom!
But Dai, you can't
beat Baran in the air!
He... He has wings!
Why... Why would
he take this risk?
Hyunckel: Because of us.
If Baran fires that
kind of spell down here,
we'll be reduced
to nothing but ash.
That's why Dai changed
the battlefield.
B-But...
'Cause in the depths
of his anger, it's him.
That's still the
Dai we know up there.
He's not a monster like Baran.
Come on...
Just hurry up and heal us!
Crocodine: I can't
just do nothing.
All I need is to stand!
Okay!
[chuckling]
It seems like you've given up.
Let's end this.
[victorious cackle]
Baran: What do you
think you're doing?
Dai: I'm not giving up.
Dai: Because I know even
you can't cast a spell
that strong more than twice!
So, if I can take one more...
Then I'll win!
You think so?!
You can't, Dai!
Baran: You fool.
No being can withstand
a Dragon Knight's
Doruora at full power!
Dai: It's never been used
on another Dragon Knight.
But it's a risk...
I'm willing to take.
Save your nonsense, boy.
No, Dai. Dodge it!
Baran: It's too late for that.
Now, away with you...
Doruora!
Dragon within,
time to awaken.
Focus everything
I have to defeat him.
Draconic Aura!
Dai?! Dai, no!
[victorious laughter]
Now there's nothing left.
What is so funny?!
You monster.
[laughing]
He blocked it-
the Ultimate Spell!
Impossible!
Dai: Baran...
You've got nothing left now!
Here goes...
Avan...
Strash!
Dai: Leona's blade?!
[cackling]
Isn't it a pity.
When a Dragon Knight fights with
Draconic Aura at full strength,
normal weapons and armor can't
endure the power and burn up.
In your case, you've focused all
your Aura into your right arm.
No weapon in the world could
survive such an immense force!
Oh, no!
Baran: Except...
This.
This is my Demon Dragon Blade,
and the only sword in the world
that can endure Draconic Aura!
You're joking.
So you see, only a blade
like this can withstand
a Dragon Knight's
fully-powered swing.
I may not have the
Magic Power for Doruora,
but victory is in sight.
Now see for yourself!
Let go.
I don't think so!
I don't intend
to just lie around.
I am the mighty Beast King!
Hang in there, everyone.
I'm going to bring Popp back.
His heart... It's
not beating anymore.
Leona [thought]: I don't
know if I can cast
such a powerful spell.
But if I don't succeed,
then Popp will...
Gods, bless us.
In thy name,
let the soul of this one
whose life has burned out...
be hereby restored.
I know that spell...
Zing!
Merle: It's Zing.
The strongest resurrection
spell known to exist.
Hyunckel: Does that
mean Popp can be saved?
I don't know.
The success rate
is fifty percent,
even with the most experienced
Clerics in all of the kingdoms.
So it's entirely
up to her skill.
Come back to us.
Please, Popp!
If you want to free yourself,
you'll have to use Gigabreak!
Curse you!
[pained howl]
A Zapple?
Crocodine!
Stay down. Down like the
wild beast that you are.
Not even the gods themselves
can interfere with
this final battle...
Now, my son... get ready!
[roaring]
[pained groan]
I'm not finished!
We're out of time.
If I can move, it's enough.
Hyunckel: Crocodine,
let's go. Now.
Hyunckel.
Dai needs help.
So lend me your strength.
I have a plan.
A... plan?
[roaring]
Narrator: Dai
is on the defensive,
but thanks to some
help from Hyunckel,
he just might
turn things around.
Meanwhile, Leona
grows desperate
when the Zing spell
fails to revive Popp.
As the battle nears its climax,
lightning strikes family ties,
but will Dai be able to
defeat Baran once and for all?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Farewell to the Father".